Meeting

Attendees: Peter Argent (PA, minute taker) Jim James (JJ, Chair) Hannah Jones (HJ)

Chair's Summerey:
Battleship code is not currently working, we have been hired to do fix it.
We have GitWiki 

Information: Next two weeks is about understanding the legacy code.

Meeting Start 1612

Everyone download old code (Action - Everyone)
Trello Board to be created (Action - JJ)
Toggl to be created (Action - JJ to create, E to create accounts)
GitHub accounts (No action required)
Functional Issue List to be created on wiki (HJ)
Create a list of all files and assets on wiki (JJ)
Any unused code or files, list to be created (JJ)
Tools to be used to convert VB.net to C# (PA, report back at next meeting)
Coding standards? (Decision - Use the legacy codes or PascalCase and _camelCase, motioned PA, seconded JJ)
List Obvious things to do/fix(JJ, HJ)
Create list of new things (PA)

Meeting end 1619

